When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work
local?

    In case I use multiple machines with git or there are other people who commit to my repository or I would like to shere my repository with the public or specific people.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

    Manually doing so gives you more control on remote repository update as well as local repository. It may also save you some money if you're using mobile Internet and your repository is heavy.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When would you
use one instead of another?

    Forks create a copy of a repository at GitHub. Clone creates a local copy of a repository. Branch creates another sequence of commits within a repository.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?

    It allows you to merge your commit with the most recent remote commit locally and upload merged commit.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?  What would be easier,
and what would be harder?

    I would use another version control system. I can not tell if it would be easier or harder as I do not know how to use another version control system yet but I think it would be about the same.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in
master?  What benefits does each approach have?

    Separate branches are especially useful when there are several new ideas in the project, each of them should be developed separately from the rest of the project being up-to-date the same time. Several branches may also be useful if several people develop the project. Commiting directly to master btanch saves time if you do not need extra control over commits and the project is simple or there is only one direction in which the projecct is being developed. Multiple branches approach makes your project more organised and allows control over more commits in different areas of the project.
